section .data
    hello db "Hello, Holberton",0
    format db "%s",10,0

section .text
    global main
    extern printf

main:
    push rbp
    mov rdi, format
    mov rsi, hello
    call printf
    pop rbp
    ret
Explanation:

In the .data section, we define the null-terminated string "Hello, Holberton" and the format string "%s",10,0, where %s represents a placeholder for a string and 10 represents the newline character.

In the .text section, we define the main function as the entry point. We start by pushing the base pointer (rbp) onto the stack as per the standard function prologue.

We load the format string address into the rdi register (first argument register for x86_64 ABI) and the address of the hello string into the rsi register (second argument register).

We then call the printf function.

After printing, we restore the stack frame by popping the value of rbp from the stack.

Finally, we return from the main function using the ret instruction.

To compile and link the program, you can use the following commands:

shell
Copy code
nasm -f elf64 program.asm -o program.o
gcc -nostartfiles -o program program.o -lm -lc
This will create an executable file named "program" which, when run, will print "Hello, Holberton" followed by a newline using the printf function. Please note that the exact commands may vary depending on your system and setup.




User
are we writting as a code or bash
ChatGPT
The code I provided is written in x86_64 assembly language and is meant to be assembled and linked to create an executable program. The code itself is not Bash script; it's assembly code that follows the x86_64 architecture.

You can save the assembly code into a file with a .asm extension, for example, program.asm. Then, you can use the NASM assembler to assemble it and the GCC compiler to link it, creating an executable program.

The provided compilation commands (nasm and gcc) are meant to be run in a command-line terminal or shell, not written as code within a programming language.

In summary, the provided code is assembly language code, and the compilation commands are shell commands used to build an executable program from that assembly code.
